Summary
<div> <p id="iframeContent"><strong>I</strong><strong>n hardcover for the first time ever! A gorgeously illustrated anniversary edition of the book that launched the epic Farseer Trilogy, praised by George R. R. Martin as “fantasy as it ought to be written” and Lin-Manuel Miranda as “an incredible series,” featuring a new foreword by Robin Hobb and ten full-color illustrations.</strong><br><br>Twenty-five years ago, Robin Hobb’s first novel featuring FitzChivalry Farseer and his mysterious, often maddening friend the Fool struck like a bolt of brilliant lightning. Thus began a beloved saga spanning multiple series, full of adventure, magic, and sinister plots. To celebrate a quarter-century of wonder, this special edition of <em>Assassin’s Apprentice</em> presents a modern classic as it’s never been seen before: in hardcover, with ten beautiful full-color illustrations by Magali Villeneuve.<br><br>Young Fitz is the bastard son of the noble Prince Chivalry, raised in the shadow of the royal court by his father’s gruff stableman. He is treated as an outcast by all the royalty except the devious King Shrewd, who has him secretly tutored in the arts of the assassin. For in Fitz’s blood runs the magic Skill—and the darker knowledge of a child raised with the stable hounds and rejected by his family.<br><br>As barbarous raiders ravage the coasts, Fitz is growing to manhood. Soon he will face his first dangerous, soul-shattering mission. And though some regard him as a threat to the throne, he may just be the key to the survival of the kingdom.<br><br><strong>Praise for Robin Hobb and </strong><span style="font-weight: 600; font-style: italic">Assassin’s Apprentice</span><br> <br>“Fantasy as it ought to be written . . . Robin Hobb’s books are diamonds in a sea of zircons.”<strong>—George R. R. Martin </strong><br> <br>“A gleaming debut in the crowded field of epic fantasies . . . a delightful take on the powers and politics behind the throne.”<strong>—</strong><span style="font-weight: 600; font-style: italic">Publishers Weekly</span><br> <br>“This is the kind of book you fall into, and start reading slower as you get to the end, because you don’t want it to be over.”<strong>—Steven Brust</strong></p> <p><strong style="font-size: large">From Publishers Weekly</strong> </p> <p>The bastard sons of kings play a noble role in fantasy: not only were King Arthur and Modred by-blows, but it is often suggested that Merlin himself came to power from the "wrong side of the bed." While Hobb's offering has a few too many illegitimate heirs backstabbing around, this is still a delightful take on the powers and politics behind the throne. Fitz, who is often called the "Boy" or the "Bastard," was begotten by good Prince Chivalry upon some "peasant" woman. At age six, he is given over to the safekeeping of the prince's man, Burrich. Fitz's impolitic existence causes the prince to abdicate his claim to the throne, and he and his wife leave the court, and the boy, behind. Fitz has inherited the "Skill," a mind-bending talent, and also has the ability to meld his thoughts with those of nonhuman creatures and to mentally "repel" physical advances. When Fitz finally comes to King Shrewd's attention, he is given over to the Royal Assassin's tutelage and trained to carry out the king's devious plans. The novel's conceit-that it offers Fitz's memoirs from childhood through adolescence-allows for several sequels. A gleaming debut in the crowded field of epic fantasies and Arthurian romances. <br>Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc. </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">From Library Journal</strong> </h3> <p>As a royal bastard in the household of King Shrewd, a boy called "Fitz" spends his early years in the king's stables. When the magic in his blood marks him for destiny, he begins receiving secret instruction, by order of the king, in the art of assassination, a calling that places him in the midst of a nest of intrigue and arcane maneuverings. Firmly grounded in the trappings of high fantasy, Hobb's first novel features a protagonist whose coming of age revolves around the discovery of the meaning of loyalty and trust. This gracefully written fantasy belongs in most libraries.<br>Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc. </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">From Booklist</strong> </h3> <p>This well-executed though somewhat conventional fantasy novel reads like both a first effort and the first book in a multivolume work. Neither probability should make the prospective reader wince. The conventional plot concerns a royal bastard of the house of the Farseers, who is raised secretly to serve the house as an assassin. When a succession crisis looms, young Fitz is almost literally flung into a series of complex and deadly intrigues, some magical, some mundane, all unscrupulous. The action moves along briskly, which, in conjunction with Hobb's good world building and fairly original characterization, will keep readers turning pages. This may not be the indispensable fantasy debut of the year, but it will find readers if offered to them. <em>Roland Green</em> </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">Review</strong> </h3> <p>"Gracefully written" ---Library Journal </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">Review</strong> </h3> <p>'Hobb is one of the great modern fantasy writers ! what makes her novels as addictive as morphine is not just their imaginative brilliance but the way her characters are compromised and manipulated by politics.' The Times 'In today's crowded fantasy market Robin Hobb's books are like diamonds in a sea of zircons' George R.R. Martin </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">From the Publisher</strong> </h3> <p>With unforgettable characters, a sweeping backdrop, and passionate storytelling, this is a fantasy debut to rival that of Robert Jordan. Filled with adventure and bloodshed, pageantry and piracy, mystery and menace, <em>Assasin's Apprentice</em> is the story of a royal house and the young man who is destined to chart its course through tempests of change. Young Fitz is the bastard son of the noble Prince Chivalry, raised in the shadow of the royal household by his father's gruff stableman. An outcast whose existence has forced his father to abdicate his claim on the throne, Fitz is ignored by all royalty except the devious King Shrewd, who has him secretly tutored in the arts of the assassin. For in the young man's blood is a heritage of magic, the talent called the Skill, as well as another, even more mysterious ability. And, as barbarous raiders ravage the coasts and leave behind the zombie-like husks of the townspeople to prowl the countryside, Fitz is growing toward manhood. Soon he will face his first dangerous, soul-shattering mission, a mission that poses as much a threat to himself as it does for his target; for Fitz is a threat to the throne...but he may also be the key to the survival of the kingdom. </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">From the Inside Flap</strong> </h3> <p>Young Fitz is the bastard son of the noble Prince Chivalry, raised in the shadow of the royal court by his father's gruff stableman. He is treated like an outcast by all the royalty except the devious King Shrewd, who has him sectetly tutored in the arts of the assassin. For in Fitz's blood runs the magic Skill--and the darker knowledge of a child raised with the stable hounds and rejected by his family. As barbarous raiders ravage the coasts, Fitz is growing to manhood. Soon he will face his first dangerous, soul-shattering mission. And though some regard him as a threat to the throne, he may just be the key to the survival of the kingdom. </p> <h3><strong style="font-size: large">About the Author</strong> </h3> <p>Robin Hobb is the author of four well-received fantasy trilogies, the Farseer trilogy, the Liveship Traders trilogy, the Tawny Man trilogy, and the Soldier Son trilogy. </p></div>